Previously on The Fosters...
Brandon: We found our Romeo.
All we need to do is find our Juliet.
Mat: I don't want you in my musical,
but you were hands down the best.
Privatization is incredibly effective.
We can get so much more done.
This is Callie, my sister.
Cortney: She's the girl you
loved and couldn't be with.
Stef: She's trying to help Gabe get off
the sex offender registry.
He's on that list because of me.
Talked to a lawyer and she
said it was almost impossible.
I had cancer and I had to have
both of my breasts removed.
Since I met Daphne,
all she's talked about is
getting her daughter back.
She was a role model at Girls United
and she really worked the program
and got her high school diploma.
She's a good friend and a good person.
She's made some mistakes,
but she's taken responsibility for them
and she's worked really
hard to turn her life around
for her daughter.
I'm... I'm sure both of
you have done a great job
taking care of Tasha, and...
and I think it's wonderful
that you want to adopt her.
I was a foster kid and I got adopted,
and I have an amazing family now.
But if my mother were alive and...
she wanted to raise me...
I'd want to be with her.
I think if a foster kid
has a biological parent
who loves them and
can take care of them,
they deserve a chance.
And at what cost to the child?
If she can't take care of her.
I understand that this is very emotional
for both parties, but let's...
not speak out of turn.
Thank you, Callie.
Daphne obviously has a
good friend in you as well.
Your Honor, can I ask
Callie a few questions?
Judge: Go ahead.
Callie, didn't your good
friend Daphne beat you up
in juvenile detention?
Well, that was before we
really knew each other.
So, you were a total stranger
when she assaulted you?
She's not that person anymore.
Did you do anything to provoke her?
No.
So, Daphne's capable of striking
out randomly for no reason?
No, I wouldn't say that,
and Daphne has changed.
Yes, yes, she's graduated
from assault to kidnapping.
So I'll meet you at the doctor's office?
You don't have to come.
They're just gonna pump
me up full of saline.
Well, I know, but it's not nothing.
It's emotional.
I'm just not looking forward
to being filled up like
a balloon every week.
Should've done the implants
when they did the mastectomy.
Well, it seemed like a lot
to go through all at once.
Definitely not looking
forward to going under again.
(sighs)
Well, you know, you don't have to.
I don't want to be awake for it.
No, I mean have the surgery period.
Well, then what would I do?
You would just take the expanders out
and be done with it.
(chuckles) Oh, yeah, that would be...
that'd be great for our sex life.
Why do you say that?
I'm self-conscious
enough as it is, Lena.
You know, about the way I... I look
and not being touched, and...
I certainly don't feel sexy.
Well, you haven't fully
recovered yet either.
It's...
It would just take time to get
used to seeing yourself differently.
Yeah? What about you?
You think you'd get used to it?
Still be attracted
to me without breasts?
I'd have sex with you
right now if you wanted.
Why? You wanna buy me dinner first?
I'm just saying,
it's not an issue for me.
So then what would I do?
Go get a prosthetic bra or something?
If you wanted.
- But you wouldn't even have to do that.
- (chuckles)
Yeah, right.
A cop with a flat chest. I
can hear the comments now.
People already think I'm butch.
- Who cares what they think?
- Yeah, well...
(knocking)
- Yeah?
- (door opens)
Hey...
Stef: Certainly hope you don't think
you're going anywhere in those shorts.
- What's wrong with them?
- (Lena scoffs)
Well, the only cheeks I want the
world to see are on your face.
(chuckles)
Oh, but it's okay for Jesus'
pants to be around his thighs?
Uh, no. You need to put a
belt on or change those pants.
Stef: What's that?
Letters of support for Gabe to get off
the sex offenders list
from Victor, Elena, and Ana.
Victor and Elena? They wrote a letter...
even after Ana showed up
to your party like she did?
It wasn't Gabe's fault.
Besides, Ana's going to,
like, two meetings a day.
She wants to make it
right and so do we, so...
we wrote letters too.
You wrote a letter too?
Even if he doesn't want
anything to do with us,
it's unfair he's gotta live like this.
Mariana: But since we can't give them
to Gabe ourselves, we were
wondering if you could.
Clearly, both parties
love this little girl
and want to be a parent to her.
The court is inclined
to reunify children
with their birth
parents when appropriate.
But in this case, I'm
not certain that it is.
I would like to stay my custody ruling
for another 30 days,
in which time Ms. Keene
must prove she can
find gainful employment
and provide financially for Tasha
without any government aid.
(theme music playing)
♪ It's not where you come from ♪
♪ It's where you belong ♪
♪ Nothin' I would trade ♪
♪ I wouldn't have it any other way ♪
♪ You're surrounded ♪
♪ By love and you're wanted ♪
♪ So never feel alone ♪
♪ You are home with me ♪
♪ Right where you belong ♪
- Synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Hey, this is good.
She's giving you a chance.
She ain't giving me no chance.
She knows I can't get a job
that's gonna pay me enough
to take care of me and
Tasha without food stamps.
She's just covering her ass.
I'm never gonna get my baby back.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Get a room.
♪ Well, who's that
knocking on my back door? ♪
♪ Is it you? ♪
♪ Well, who's that
knocking on my back door? ♪
Um, brother right here.
♪ Is it you? ♪
♪ Oh, it's you ♪
So, how's it going with the sets?
Well. Good. Fine.
You don't know what
you're doing, do you?
Brandon: Mariana.
We need to rehearse. Come on.
No, what we need is someone who
actually knows how to build a set.
Look, it's fine, and
I got it under control.
See? He has it under control. Let's go.
(drilling, clattering)
(people gasp and laugh)
Ah, okay.
Uh, it's cool. We're all good.
See? That's going to be me
falling to my death opening night.
Are you not worried?
No, what I'm worried about
is the rest of the cast
is off-book and killing
it except for my leads.
- I'm off-book.
- Well, you're not killing it.
Well, if Mat detached
himself from Zoey's face,
maybe we could actually
get something done.
Seriously, it's not too late to make
a no cast and crew dating rule.
Sure, and you can't date
James Dean over there.
Whatever.
At least I'm not
macking on Amy Winehouse.
Okay, guys, you're
supposed to be in love.
It's called acting.
I don't know if the song's working.
Maybe we might have to tweak
the lyrics of something.
Is it my words or Shakespeare's
that you're not feeling?
Well, it could be the fact that
Juliet is supposed to be a virgin,
and our actress is singing
like she's Ariana Grande.
I need a bathroom break.
- Are you okay?
- I'm fine.
What? I was just giving her
some constructive criticism.
Hey.
Look, I know that you and
Mariana have a history,
but you broke up with her.
How is this your business?
Well, she's my girlfriend
and this is my warehouse.
- Your daddy's warehouse.
- Which Nick is letting us use,
so Mat, walk away.
Mat, walk away.
FYI, Mat had a good reason
to break up with Mariana.
She cheated on him.
Come in.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
So is everything okay?
Yeah, fine. I just...
- Your address was all I had, so...
- What's this?
Those are letters of support
from Ana and her parents
as well as Jesus and Mariana.
Jesus and Mariana?
Yes. They would like to
help you get off the list.
So...
Do you... do you have any interest
in getting to know the twins?
It's fine if you don't.
It's just I know that Jesus, for one,
would like to get to know you better.
I don't know how to be a parent.
Well, he's not looking for a parent.
He has parents.
I would like to get to know him.
And her.
But, uh, I don't...
really know what I have to offer.
Thank you so much for doing this.
You're really, really saving my life.
I'm so behind on my senior project.
- It's my pleasure.
- Great.
Do you mind if I record this?
Uh, no, no. Of course not.
- (beep)
- All right, so...
Tell me where you're from
and how you grew up, I guess.
Well, I was raised
in Evanston, Illinois.
Um, I'm an only child.
Um, I grew up in a
middle class suburban home
with two loving parents.
So what got you
interested in foster care?
Well, when I was about seven years old,
a girl my age moved
in with our neighbors.
Her name was Elizabeth, Lizzie,
and she became my... my first BFF.
I loved her so much that I
gave her my Mrs. Beasley doll.
What's that?
Well, it's from this TV
show when I was a kid.
It's called  Family Affair.
And anyway, the youngest
girl had this doll
that she'd call Mrs. Beasley,
and, like, every girl in
America had to have one.
(both laugh)
So what happened to Lizzie?
Did they adopt her?
No.
They wanted to.
But one day Social Services
came and took her away.
Why?
Well, they placed her
back with her birth mom.
Well, maybe she was better off.
Not in this case.
Lizzie's birth mom lost
custody again, and...
she went back into the system.
Then we lost track of her.
That's awful.
Yeah. You know what's
really awful? They...
they wouldn't even let
her take Mrs. Beasley.
I mean, they took her from a house
where she was happy
and safe and loved...
and they wouldn't even
let her take her doll.
(sighs)
(chuckles)
(sighs) So, to answer your question,
that is why I have dedicated my life
to reform the system.
For Lizzie and for kids like her.
You are an amazing person.
So are you.
You're helping so many people
by telling your story
and supporting this bill.
I actually, um...
I have a friend who needs help.
She's got a daughter in foster care
and she's trying to get her back,
but the judge won't give her custody
unless she gets a good-paying job.
So, I... I was wondering maybe...
is there anything for
her at your office?
Oh, I wish I could help, Callie,
but we're... I mean, we're
a really small operation
and there are just... there's
nothing available right now.
But, um...
I mean, I'll keep that in mind.
Yeah, thanks. I just thought I'd ask.
Hey!
Thought I'd surprise you and come
check out the sets before work.
Oh. Well, the sets aren't
much to check out right now.
- I can hear you.
- Oh, I'm aware.
Stef: Hey, guys! How's it goin'?
- Hey.
What are... what are you doing here?
Uh, your mom said that
you might need some help.
Yeah, we do actually.
Stef: Brandon, this is Gabe.
This is Jesus and
Mariana's birth father.
Nice to meet you.
Uh, you work in construction, right?
Uh, yeah. Yeah, happy to help...
if that's cool with you?
Uh, yeah. Yeah, totally.
Yeah. Show me what needs to be done.
- Is it okay for him to be here?
- Yeah.
Absolutely. As long as...
as long as I'm here to supervise.
Hi, I'm...
- I'm Stef. Brandon's mom.
- Hi.
Sorry, this is Cort... ney.
Cortney. Um, we work
together at The Smokehouse.
Oh, that's right. You're
one of the bartenders.
- I thought I recognized you.
- Yeah.
I'm just stopping in on my way to work
to check out the space.
So, I'm thinking
depending on how many people are coming,
we could have two bar areas?
I... I think that'd be... good.
Okay. I'll see if I can work out
a deal with one of our vendors.
Well, thank you so much for helping out.
- Yeah. Um, nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you!
Uh... okay.
Well, thank you for coming by, and...
you know, I'll... I'll walk you out.
(sighs)
- So thanks for...
- Oh, it's fine.
I have a kid.
I'm not exactly San Diego's
most eligible bachelorette.
That's not gonna be an issue.
Seriously, my moms are cool.
I just haven't told them that
I'm seeing, like, anyone, so...
But... but I want them to meet you,
like, really meet you.
Okay. Slow your roll.
I'm not exactly ready to really
meet the parents yet either.
Why are you so perfect?
(sighs)
You can say it. I suck.
(chuckles) No, you don't.
And it's not so bad.
I'm gonna need a...
a few cross pieces every 16 inches
unless you want your
sister to fall through
in the middle of the play.
Hey, don't tempt me.
You guys don't get along?
We get along... ish. You know how it is.
I mean, you said you
had a sister, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, we... we fought I guess.
Do you guys get along now?
No, we don't talk.
After I went to prison, the
family pretty much wrote me off.
And she's got kids, so...
It's not like I can exactly go
to birthday parties and stuff.
Oh...
Is... is that...
is that why you... you
never tried to see us?
I mean, 'cause you couldn't?
No.
Look, I was 18 when Ana
told me she was pregnant.
Wait, you knew?
Yeah.
Yeah, but I was in prison
and, you know, she was 15
and I told her to...
you know, not to do it.
She was too young to have a kid,
and I wasn't in any
position to take care of one,
and I didn't think that
she could do it on her own.
And I was right.
Being with her,
choices I made to be with her...
ruined my life.
Nothing good came out of
anything I did back then.
♪ You can have it all ♪
Hey, Jesus, it's time to go home, love.
Wait, no, I still got a
ton of stuff I gotta do.
Well, I... I can stay.
Keep working.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Don't got anything better to do.
Well, thank you, Gabe. That's very nice.
Appreciate it.
Yeah, thanks.
Oh. Uh, the alarm
arms itself on at 6:00.
Code's seven, eight, seven, nine.
Okay. Got it.
Stef: Hey, babe? Can we have a word?
Uh, yeah.
What's up?
We, uh, we wanted to talk
to you about Cortney, is it?
Uh, yeah. What...
what... what about her?
Uh, well, I saw you guys
kissing in the parking lot.
What, were you spying on us?
- No.
- Are you guys dating?
Yeah. Yeah, we are.
I mean, I guess. You know, it's new.
Okay. And she's a bartender,
so she's at least 21, yeah?
- So?
- So you're 17.
Well, yeah, I'm almost 18, though,
and she's just 21.
Okay, but that's still
a three-year difference.
Well... well, you're three
years older than Mama.
Mama was 26 when we met.
Okay, well, I'm not... I'm
not gonna stop seeing her.
No one is asking you to do that.
B, are you guys having sex?
- No.
- Okay, good,
and since Cort is older,
we're asking you not to
until you are 18, at least.
- This is ridiculous.
- Stef: Hey, is it?
Gabe and Ana were three years apart.
and he was arrested for statutory rape.
Wait, so you're gonna arrest Cortney
- if we have sex?
- Stef: No...
What about heavy petting?
I mean, how far can we go
before you throw her in a jail?
Okay, calm down. Nobody
is arresting Cortney.
We just want you to be careful, Brandon.
We want you to focus on
school and on Julliard.
I am focused.
I am. I... I've written
music to an entire play
and... and I'm probably
the only senior who's
almost done with his thesis project,
so I've got it handled, okay?
So, are we, like, done here?
For now, yes.
I really don't see
why he's being so mean.
I mean, he moved on
with rockabilly Barbie.
You know, Zoey, Junior...
never met a cherry
print she didn't like.
Are you even listening?
Sorry, um...
I'm trying to track down
this girl Justina was friends with
- when she was little.
- (phone rings)
She got lost in the system and...
I was thinking I could,
like, reunite them.
Well, what else did
Justina tell you about her?
Sometimes a specific detail can help.
"Mrs. Beasley doll"?
Yeah, it's a long story.
Is that her?
My mother was a drug addict.
The first time I was taken from her,
I was two-years-old
and I was placed in several foster homes
until I was around seven
when I was finally placed
with a loving couple
whom weren't able to have
children of their own,
and I made my first best friend there.
She gave me her Mrs. Beasley doll.
But one night,
social workers came
and they took me away.
They didn't even let me take my doll.
Wait, so...
Justina's a foster kid?
Justina is Lizzie. The friend
that she told me about was her.
♪ 'Cause what I feel ♪
♪ There is no controlling this ♪
Thanks a lot for telling
Zoey that I cheated on you.
I didn't.
Then how did she know about Wyatt?
Wyatt?
Well, maybe he's talking, but I'm not.
Well, Zoey told Nick
and now he's probably
gonna break up with me.
So, you can thank your
girlfriend for slut-shaming me.
I swear, I didn't...
I didn't say anything.
Then tell Zoey to keep her mouth shut.
Do you remember Karen, art
teach from Anchor Beach?
Stef: Uh, vaguely.
Yeah, she had breast cancer.
Had a double mastectomy a few years ago.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, I ran into her
in the hall today...
and it occurred to me that she might
be someone you'd like to talk to,
you know, about reconstruction
and your concerns.
How do you know she'd
like to talk to me?
Well, I also remembered that
she was in a support group
and that she actually
had a friend who...
who opted to go flat.
"Go flat"?
Yeah, that's the expression
they use apparently.
And all this just occurred
to you in the hall?
Okay.
Love, I'm really not into
talking with total strangers
about this, you know?
I know you're a private person
and you don't actually
know these women, but...
they've been through what you have.
I don't...
I don't know what to say
or how to advise you...
and I think you need to
talk to someone who does.
♪ This far north ♪
♪ The air is not ♪
♪ Without a set of teeth ♪
If you're here to pile on,
I already feel like crap.
No, I'm not.
We all make mistakes.
I lost my virginity...
to some guy I didn't even care about.
That's bigger than a mistake.
♪ Alone ♪
Do you think I'm a horrible person?
No.
And...
I have no right to judge.
Why?
Have you ever cheated on someone?
No, but...
I've done things that...
I had sex with someone...
and it was wrong...
and I regret it.
But you just have to live with it and...
carry on.
♪ It's not all bad ♪
♪ To be alone ♪
I knew right away that
I wanted reconstruction.
I thought my husband would be happier,
though he was totally supportive
of whatever decision I wanted to make.
- Thank you.
I've lived my whole life with breasts,
so without them, I mean,
personally, I just...
I felt like I wouldn't feel whole.
And see, I personally didn't feel
I needed breasts to feel whole.
I just didn't want more surgeries
with more possible complications, and...
I didn't want anything
artificial inside my body.
- And see, I love my new boobs.
- (both laugh)
They are perkier than ever
and I haven't had any issues,
and for the first time in my life,
- I can go bra-less, so...
- So can I.
(both laugh)
Hey, sometimes you just
gotta laugh about it.
Did you, um, I mean, did you...
I mean, were you ever worried
about people staring at you?
Well, I was, but, you know,
people don't really notice.
- Yeah.
- Oh.
What'd you, um, what did you do
about the... about
the... about the nipples?
- I had them tattooed.
- Ah.
I didn't do nipples, but...
Oh, she has the most gorgeous tattoo
- Aww.
- across her chest.
It's... You should show them.
Would you like to see?
And I'm happy to show you my implants.
- Uh...
- I think that would be very helpful.
- Oh.
- (gasps) Oh.
Wow, that is so beautiful.
What made you to decide to do a peacock?
Peacocks symbolize self-expression
and confidence and immortality.
And I guess I like being reminded
that no matter what
happens, life is eternal.
Those look great.
(both laugh)
Yeah, they do. They
look... they look good.
- Nice.
- And the nipples are... are very dimensional.
Yeah, I'll give you my guy's info.
- He is a true artist.
- Mm.
Do you wanna feel them?
- Oh, I...
- Oh, no, go ahead.
You can give them a squeeze.
- Well...
- (laughter)
Yeah, sure.
Let's...
- Wow, those... yeah, those...
- Right?
they... they do feel really natural.
It's pretty amazing.
That's... Yeah.
Lena?
Do you want to feel?
I mean, you'll be touching them too.
Um, sure.
(laughs nervously)
Oh.
- They do feel really, really real.
- (door opens)
Oh!
Uh...
Jesus, it's not... It's because...
- It... It...
- It's a medical thing for Mom.
- I'm so sorry.
- This is Ellen and, uh,
you know Karen from school.
Hi.
- Stef: So sorry.
- It's okay.
So I went online last night.
Um...
I was trying to surprise you.
I was trying to find Lizzie.
I think it's gonna be pretty
hard to track her down.
Because you're Lizzie.
I, um, I founds this video
and in it, you were
telling the same story.
Her story.
Why wouldn't you want me to know
that you were a foster kid too?
Call, I didn't tell you I was
a foster kid because I wasn't.
I don't get it.
I used to go to these
fund-raisers all the time
and I would tell Lizzie's story
and people would listen politely...
but they were never moved by it...
until one day, I told it as my own.
So, you lied.
The story is not a lie.
It happened.
And when I made Lizzie's story my own,
it not only opened people's hearts,
but it opened their wallets.
So, that's why you need me.
You're using me and my story
to get money from people?
Well, Callie, money is
what get things done.
Without money, there'd be no reform.
I mean, you can say
that I'm using you...
but for good.
And you're using me too.
- How am I using you?
- Fost and Found.
You need me to help you expand it,
get it out there, right?
And you need me to get
your friend Daphne a job.
I mean, if it's that important to you...
I can do it.
Nick?
Look...
Cheating on Mat was just about
the worst thing I've ever done.
It was a mistake,
one that I'll never make again.
Uh-huh.
I understand if you don't
want to see me anymore.
Look, I was just really surprised
at what Zoey told me, and I...
I don't like surprises.
Hey, look, if you're ever not feeling...
this anymore, then
just be honest with me.
Okay? 'Cause I'd rather
be hurt than surprised.
Deal.
But I don't think you have
anything to worry about.
Come on.
(shutter clicks)
- (shutter clicks)
- There you go.
(shutter clicks)
Daphne: See? Fill mine up too.
- Do both of them. Ready?
- (Tasha laughs)
What happened?
What happened? What happened?
Can you take one of the two of us?
Yeah.
Okay. Ready, Tasha?
That's it. Big smile.
- All right.
- (shutter clicks)
Got it.
Listen, Tashi-bear, I'll see you soon.
Okay, baby?
Every time feels like
it's gonna be the last.
Thanks for the pictures.
You know, in case...
Hey, no. You can't think like that.
I have to.
If the judge lets Tasha's
foster parents adopt her,
it's not like they're
gonna give me visitation.
Okay, well, that's not gonna happen
'cause I got you a job.
What? Where?
With Justina.
It's full-time, 800 bucks a week
- and, like, health insurance.
- Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, oh, my God,
thank you, thank you.
Thank you.
I'm just gonna take pictures.
- Oh, right.
- He asked.
Cortney: You're really good at that.
- Hey!
- Hey.
We just, um, ran into
each other outside.
Yeah, I can... I can see that.
- Hey.
- Hello.
How's it going? Uh...
So the whole cast isn't here yet, but...
It's no problem.
So you're looking for, like, a...
Yeah, I'm kind of going
for, like, a post...
- modern steam...
- modern steampunk thing. Exactly.
So what can I do?
Uh... Paint. Follow me.
Uh, listen. I wanted to
thank you and your sister
for writing those letters for me.
I was, uh...
It meant a lot.
Don't worry about it.
You okay?
You're usually a lot more chatty.
Yeah, well, you don't like chatty.
In fact, I'm pretty sure
you don't even like me.
So why are you doing this?
(stammering) Why would
you think I don't like you?
Because you don't think anything
good came from you and Ana.
I mean, that's what you
said yesterday, right?
No, that's not... Look, I...
I... I didn't mean it like that.
Look, I'm not good at this.
I'm here... because I can't be your dad,
but I want to get to know you.
And I want to... I want
to give you something.
And I'm probably gonna say
and do the wrong thing a lot.
You just got to tell me.
It can't get all pent up inside.
Okay?
All right, Jesus, it's time to go home.
Uh, yeah. I'll go grab a bite
and come back later when nobody's here.
We'll get it done. Don't worry.
Okay.
Is everything going all right?
Yeah... Yeah.
Okay.
Thank you.
For what?
For doing this.
(softly) Oh, baby.
Hey. Um, so I talked to Zoey,
and, um, I guess Wyatt told Talya
and Talya told her, and, um...
Anyway, I'm sorry.
It's not your fault, but... thanks.
Okay. (Sighs)
You guys ready to do this?
- (chuckles nervously)
- (softly) Yeah.
(piano playing)
Both: ♪ 'Cause what we have ♪
♪ There is no controlling this ♪
♪ This love could be great ♪
♪ But they say it would be wrong ♪
♪ Yes, I swear ♪
♪ Oh, you heal the scars ♪
♪ They never felt a wound ♪
♪ And we'll never need their rules ♪
♪ To guide the way ♪
♪ Love will light the day ♪
That was it.
I finally believed you guys
were desperately in love.
That was...
Let's do it again. Yeah?
- Stef: Hey, Ma!
- Hey!
Anything new and exciting happen today?
Uh... No, not really. How's
the set building going?
Uh, you know, there's still
a lot to do and time is short.
Yeah?
(clears throat)
I, uh...
I decided to get the implants.
(gasps)
- Do you hate it?
- Oh, my God. I love it.
It's so sexy.
Oh! What inspired this change?
Look at you!
I think it's my own version
of... of... of Ellen's tatoo.
The peacock. I think
it's, you know, my...
my symbol of confidence.
I've always wanted to
cut my hair really short.
Well, why haven't you done it until now?
'Cause I was afraid I was
going to look like a dyke.
I hate that I have my own
internalized homophobia.
But, um... just really been
struggling, really been struggling with,
with... the way people are going
to look at me without breasts.
As if I, uh... as if I'm
somehow less of a woman,
less feminine.
But you know what? Breasts and
long hair do not make me a woman.
And what the hell do I care
if people think that I'm butch
because they have an idea of what
a woman is supposed to look like.
I just... I just...
I just want to look
the way I want to look.
And letting go...
letting go of that fear,
I guess, just...
I've never felt more feminine.
So...
And I'm gonna need implants
'cause I like having boobs,
not because I'm not me without them.
I love you so much.
I love you too.
And FYI, um, this hair
is getting me a little...
- Oh really?
- Mm-hmm.
- Hmm?
- We have a little time before dinner, you know.
We could, uh... you
know, we don't have to...
We could just get naked and...
- Mm-mm-mm!
- Mm?
(both laugh)
Come on.
- Come.
- Oh!
Am I gonna be the first woman?
- (giggling)
- Get up there!
(shrieking and laughing)
(door sliding open)
Hello?
Oh, um... I'm sorry if I scared you.
I just forgot my script.
Oh.
Thanks so much for helping us out.
You really saved our
asses, mostly Jesus's.
Oh, be nice to your brother.
Actually, he did a great job.
Well, I... really hope
to see you opening night.
I mean...
I'm sorry. Are you not allowed to?
No. Uh, I could.
There'd be enough adults there, but...
Yeah, I don't want to
make anyone uncomfortable.
Like who?
Ana and... her parents.
Well, they did write letters for you.
And so did you.
Thank you for that.
I'd really like you to come.
I mean, if you want to.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, I'll be there.
Uh, by the way, um,
heard your singing over
the past couple days.
Got a great voice.
Thanks.
My mom, your grandmother,
biological grandmother,
she had a beautiful voice too.
Really?
- Yeah.
- (siren blares)
What's going on?
Police! Hands where I can see 'em!
We got a silent alarm tripped.
Oh God. I forgot. Uh, I
actually have the code.
It's seven, eight, seven, nine.
It's okay. My boyfriend's
dad owns this place.
We're rehearsing for a play.
Still gonna need to see some IDs.
Is that really necessary?
I mean, I can give you his number.
You can call him right now.
Still need those IDs.
These are fantastic.
Mariana going full diva here,
but not exactly your fault.
Yeah, as though I could've stopped her.
Hey, can I, um... ask you a question?
Yeah.
Does Cort have a baby?
What makes you say that?
Her key chain.
It had one of those card things
for a... for a baby store.
Yes, she has a two-year-old.
Do Moms know?
No, and I'd like to keep it that way.
So, what, are you going to be
like the step-dad or something?
No. But you know what? This
isn't any of your business.
Okay. Sorry. Just, um...
didn't want you to do something else
you were going to regret, so...
Whoa. What does that mean?
I, um...
I heard what you told
Mariana last night,
about how you wish
you could take it back.
I wasn't talking about you.
Yeah, right.
I was talking about Dani.
Dani?
Yeah, my dad's girlfriend.
My dad had already broken up with her,
but she came by the apartment and...
I was there, um...
I'd had a few beers...
and I had sex with her.
Brandon, that wasn't sex.
She took advantage of you.
It's like Liam, it's rape.
Statutory rape, it's not the
same, okay? I never said no.
It was still wrong.
She was older and you had been drinking.
Does anyone know?
Moms and... and my dad.
Dani was arrested.
Um...
For a really long time, I...
I thought what happened
with Liam was my fault too.
I felt...
like ashamed and ugly.
It's not how we should
feel. It's how they should.
♪ Morning breaks ♪
You okay?
It wasn't until you...
that I could be with someone...
the way you're supposed to,
without the shame and the guilt,
at least in the moment.
I don't want to regret that.
I don't.
I don't regret it.
At all.
Mr. Duncroft, you're under arrest
for being in proximity
to an unaccompanied minor.
Uh, no, no, no. You can't.
He didn't do anything. I'm his daughter.
- Take a step back, Miss.
- Mariana, it's okay.
No, it's not okay. My mom's a cop.
Stef Adams Foster. You can call her.
- You can't arrest him...
- Mariana, calm down.
I'll be okay. Just call your mom.
♪ Standing in the shadow ♪
- Synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org